[Music]
riddle number one who is guilty
sherlock holmes was working on a tricky
case one day he vanished
the only thing john watson found on his
desk was an encrypted note
it looked like this d plus one l plus
one
h plus one k plus one x plus one
he knew sherlock had three suspects
david susan
and emily who was behind the
disappearance of the famous detective
john watson cracked the code d plus one
equals e
l plus one equals m and so on
emily knew where sherlock was
2. generous grandfather jason and his
grandfather were very close
they spent a lot of time together their
favorite entertainment was to
crack detective riddles unfortunately
the elderly man
passed away unexpectedly his lawyer
informed the relatives that the
grandfather had hidden
all his money and he was a wealthy man
the one who would find it would get all
the inheritance
jason realized the grandfather wanted
him to get everything
he ran to his office and soon found out
where to look for the money
can you figure it out
[Music]
there's a cross on the picture with an
apple tree that's hanging on the wall
jason has to look for the money there
three the second riddle when jason
reached the tree
he found a small box inside there was a
note with a rebus puzzle
after looking at it for a while the guy
darted off
where did he run
[Music]
the reba says back door that's where
jason headed
there under the stairs he found another
box with a key
to a bank safe deposit box inside
[Music]
4. east and west the king's two most
trusted bodyguards
created a method of keeping their boss
safe
with a monarch between them they were
going to stand
looking in the opposite directions one
would face the west
and the other the east at the same time
without using any reflective surfaces
they would both see the king clearly how
would they do it
they would be facing each other
[Music]
5. attacked neighbor detective
oliver norton was leaving for work in
the morning
when he saw a man running out of his
neighbor's house
he stopped the guy who said his name was
paul
he came to visit his colleague about 30
minutes ago
and saw him fighting with a man the door
was locked
and paul couldn't get inside to help
while he was trying to find the way to
enter the house
the criminal left paul entered and saw
his colleague lying on the kitchen floor
unconscious oliver and paul came into
the house
nothing seemed to be out of the ordinary
but after looking around the kitchen
the detective arrested the man why
paul was the one to attack oliver's
neighbor if his words had been true
fried eggs would have been burned after
30 minutes of cooking
6. diving disaster you're a scuba diver
who's exploring the seafloor on your own
after visiting one cave after another
you find out you've lost your way
you start panicking because you have
barely enough oxygen to make it back to
the surface
suddenly you see the cave you're in has
three exits
but one of them is guarded by three
giant jellyfish
the second by electric eels and in the
third opening
there are huge whale sharks which
passage should you opt for
choose the exit guarded by whale sharks
they get their food by filtering water
and are totally harmless to people
seven stolen documents
at 11 am liam got a call from his friend
the owner of a law firm the man was in
distress
a very important document had
disappeared from his office
it had been on the desk the evening
before but nowhere to be found in the
morning
liam immediately went there to question
the employees
in no time he had three suspects elijah
said he had spent the previous evening
at the movies
mason had taken his girlfriend to dinner
and evelyn had visited an art gallery
it didn't take liam long to understand
who was lying
it was elijah his ticket wasn't torn
eight real or fake
kevin decided to visit his elderly aunt
he hadn't seen for several months
but when he got to her house he saw two
men wearing construction worker uniforms
they were moving out some furniture what
are you doing here
kevin asked ms saunders hired us to help
her get rid of old furniture
we're from pick and carry transport
company one of the men answered
he sounded sincere but kevin felt there
was something wrong about the whole
situation
suddenly he realized the men were
thieves how did he understand
it
there was no company van near the odds
house just a dark car with tinted
windows
plus why were the men wearing
construction worker uniforms if they
were movers
9. anxious wife ryan got into a car
accident
he was badly injured and lost his memory
the man was rushed to a hospital
when he came around in his room he saw
three young women near his bed
the doctor informed them ryan had to
stay there for at least a week
unfortunately the poor man couldn't
remember who the women were
each of them claimed to be his wife
sweetheart
but what if you never remember me the
woman on the left was crying
honey i'm so worried let's go home and
i'll take care of you
the one in the middle exclaimed the girl
on the right was furious
they're trying to steal you from me
let's leave this place right away
which lady is the man's wife
the woman on the left was crying she's
the only one who's worried
the other two want to take ryan away
from the hospital
but he's injured and needs medical care
[Music]
10. gas station accident brian was
driving home
late in the evening when he noticed he
was running out of gas
he stopped by at a gas station to fill
the gas tank and buy some snacks
when he came up to the employee to pay
she told him
five dollars and five cents brian paid
went outside
and called the police to report an
emergency
why
[Music]
the cash register showed 18.35
but the cashier said 505 which looks
like sos
11. trapped in a well
eric was a famous detective once he was
investigating a case and found some
crucial evidence
the next morning he woke up in a well it
was old deep but luckily not filled with
water
on the flip side there was no way he
could get out to the surface
suddenly eric saw his main suspect's
face at the top of the well
you won't live long enough to rap me out
the man shouted
and then the detective felt soil falling
on his head
the criminal was going to bury him alive
but in an hour eric was already out of
the well and running away
how did he manage to get out
[Music]
the detectives started to shake off and
tamp down the soil that was falling into
the well
he was getting closer and closer to the
surface until he managed to jump out
and run away
[Music]
12. winter escape mark and liza had been
dating for two years
one day the guy came to his girlfriend's
house he was going to propose to her
but when he made it there he found liza
with another man
mark was furious the other guy got
scared and rushed out of the house
liza was shouting it was his brother but
mark knew better
unfortunately he hadn't seen the guy's
face clearly
when he ran outside he saw three men
which one is liza's lover
[Music]
it's the guy on the left it's freezing
outside
and the other two guys have red cheeks
and noses
but the third guy's face is pale because
he just
left a warm house
[Music]
13. a bus driver a bus driver is heading
down the road from los angeles to las
vegas
it's been a long day and he's worn out
he on several times and ignores a stop
sign
a police car is passing by right at this
moment
the officers inside see the driver
turning the wrong way
onto a one-way street but they don't
arrest him
[Music]
why
the man's walking not driving a bus
14 a mysterious man
a man and a woman are driving along a
road at breakneck speed
suddenly the man pulls the car over he
tells the woman he'll be right back
and sprints into a large building the
car doors are locked
all the windows are up but when the man
returns
he finds the woman unconscious there's
also a stranger in the car with her
surprisingly instead of pulling him out
of the car the man
hugs him who was the stranger and how
did he enter the car
the woman was in labor and the man was
driving her to a hospital
by the time he returned with a doctor
the woman had already given birth
and passed out from exhaustion the
stranger in the car
was the man's son well that's a happy
ending